Docs-externalIPs-fixes (#4475)
projectcalico/calico: networking/advertise-service-ips.md

### Before you begin...

**Required**
- [Configure BGP peering]({{site.baseurl}}/networking/bgp) between {{site.prodname}} and your network infrastructure
- For ECMP load balancing to services, the upstream routers must be configured to use BGP multipath.
- You need at least one external node outside the cluster that acts as a router, route reflector, or ToR that is peered with calico nodes inside the cluster.

> - Services must be configured with the correct service mode (“Cluster” or “Local”) for your implementation. For `externalTrafficPolicy: Local`, the service must be type `LoadBalancer` or `NodePort`.

Reviewer: "service mode" -> "traffic policy" (to align with the API terminology)

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer: looks like this didn't get pushed?

**Limitations**

> - OpenShift, versions 4.5 and 4.6  

Reviewer: This isn't limited to OpenShift - this is a vanilla kubernetes issue as well. The workaround listed below is enabled by default in OpenShift v4.7+, and can be set in Kubernetes clusters >= v1.18

> where the source IP is not preserved by NodePort service with externalTrafficPolicy:Local or by ClusterIP service, and when using a LoadBalancer service.

I think this isn't correct. The source IP is not preserved by NodePort services with externalTrafficPolicy: Local, but it IS preserved for LoadBalancer services. 

ClusterIP services do not have the source address preserved, but that is working-as-designed according to Kubernetes.

Author: Fixed.

>     There is a {% include open-new-window.html text='bug' url='https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/91374' %} where the source IP is not preserved by NodePort service with externalTrafficPolicy:Local or by ClusterIP service, and when using a LoadBalancer service. To work around this, you can upgrade to **OpenShift 4.7** (where bug is fixed), or use this {% include open-new-window.html text='workaround to avoid SNAT with ExternalIP' url='https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.7/nodes/clusters/nodes-cluster-enabling-features.html' %}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    There is a {% include open-new-window.html text='bug' url='https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/91374' %} where the source IP is not preserved by NodePort services or traffic via a Service ExternalIP with externalTrafficPolicy:Local. 
    
OpenShift users on v4.5 or v4.6 can use this {% include open-new-window.html text='workaround to avoid SNAT with ExternalIP' url='https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.7/nodes/clusters/nodes-cluster-enabling-features.html' %}:

  oc edit featuregates.config.openshift.io cluster
   spec:
     customNoUpgrade:
       enabled:
       - ExternalPolicyForExternalIP

Kubernetes users on version v1.18 or v1.19 can enable source IP preservation for NodePort services using the ExternalPolicyForExternalIP feature gate. 

Source IP preservation for NodePort and services and ExternalIPs is enabled by default in OpenShift v4.7+, and Kubernetes v1.20+. 
```

Author: Fixed.

1. Check to see if you have a default BGPConfiguration.

   ```bash

>    kubectl get bgpconfiguration.projectcalico.org default

Reviewer: I think everything from here downward isn't relevant to this PR and we should remove it.

Author: Are you saying to prune this topic to only one task: #### Advertise service cluster IP addresses? 

Or did you mean to remove all other steps after step 1 in the section, #### Advertise service cluster IP addresses?

Reviewer: I meant that all of the changes in this PR from this point on are not correct for OSS Calico, and also aren't required so far as clarifying source IP preservation are concerned, so we shouldn't change anything here.

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer: This line should still be reverted as well - it should say "calicoctl get bgpconfig default"

Author: Fixed.
